Frederick Cantarine, 50

# Hw-12

This week I started and finished hw-12 and have made a lot of progress on my final project. For hw-12 I made a similar sketch to my hw-11. Hw-11 was a sketch where bombs dropped from the sky and exploded when they hit the ground and then reset at the top. This week for hw-12 I had watermelons fall from the sky and when they hit the ground they would explode red. But I also had two trampolines moving back and forth across the screen and so if the watermelons touched the trampolines they would bounce upward and then fall again.

I had a lot of trouble with this assignment. I went to Michael's office hrs and got a lot of help on it. The first problem he helped me with was getting the trampolines to appear. That was a matter of making sure they are pushed every frame. The next probelm he helped with was getting getting the watermelons to interact with the trampolines. He helped me constuct my collisions check function. Initially I followed allong with an example from Shiffman with the collsiions check function but I had a lot of mistakes. Michael helped me realize that I was checking the size of the two objects rather than their center locations. He then pointed out that I dont need to check if the watermlons are coming in contact with themselves because I'm only concerned with the watermelons touching the trampolines. There were a lot more problems I had that he helped me with, but I think for the most part I understood his logic in how I needed to chagne and add certain things.

I didn't help any classmates out with their assignment but I did post a question on the github forum, asking about if it's ok for different classes to have the same variable names. I wasn't sure if that was a factor in why my code wasn't working early on. And one guy responded saying that it doesn'y matter. So that's just good to note for the future.
